Refactor(eos_designs): Use VRF ID instead of VRF VNI as offset for evpn underlay l3 multicast group (#4450)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/release-notes/5.x.x.md

See the [Porting guide for AVD 5.x.x](../porting-guides/5.x.x.md#removed-redistribute-igmp-from-bgp-vlan-config-belong-to-a-vrf-with-evpn-multicast)

#### vrf_id will be used instead of vrf_vni to get the ip address of evpn underlay multicast group

> Starting AVD 5.0.0, `vrf_vni` will be replaced with `vrf_id` in the algorithm to to set the offset for ip address of evpn underlay multicast group when evpn_l3_multicast is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting AVD 5.0.0, `vrf_id` is used instead of `vrf_vni` in the algorithm to set the offset for IP address of EVPN underlay multicast group when `evpn_l3_multicast` is enabled.
```
